all right what's going on YouTube got a
nice little custom gun bill that I did
it's my gene gene of eski NSR and then
11-inch just to start off the build this
is a gene G blowback Raider and I'm
sorry not the Raider I don't know which
one it is but I know it's off their
airsoft GI the g4 series when I first
got the gun I've got it off a trade off
a good friend of mine here down South
Florida Tico these guys will follow him
on Instagram I think it's tikal 21 I'm
not sure but Tico say your gun is no
more longer your gun no more it's mine
so without further ado let's get into
the gun external build on external
accessories I have on it Magpul
furniture as you know I'm Mike pahor
foregrip PMAG trigger guard grip usually
running my stock or crate decided I
wanted to do a little crane stock was a
little more comfortable in my fat cheeks
Magpul flip up sights a Magpul rad sling
adapter and I just run my single
flashlight on top okay so internal wise
internals I run up the FPS on this I
think it is Levi's when I CRO nerd it it
was 380 something 385 380 with 0.25 this
is my indoor I mean it's moving me my
indoor my outdoor gun I decided to go I
usually like 10 inch rails
you know Laxman or nine-and-a-half as my
MK 18 you guys seen in my previous
videos I wanted to get something a
little longer nothing too crazy long but
I wanted to get longer and my main
concern on the build was light I wanted
something that's super light as you know
well if you don't know then of eski NSR
rail made by mad bull is one of the
lightest rails on the market guys it's I
believe comes in under a pound not even
it's very very very light weight to go
ahead with the polymer body makes this
gun extremely lightweight that was my
main concern on the build I wanted
something that was a little more on the
lighter side rather than my top tech
that's full metal when I first got into
airsoft I wanted everything to be full
metal full metal I was a little hesitant
on the polymer bodies as I gradually got
into
our sophomore and learned about it these
these bodies are indestructible guys you
could drop these things you don't have
to worry about them so I decided to run
out I trade it got it and I tell you the
truth I I'm in love with it now it's one
of my lightest guns and I can't say
nothing but good things about it um
start off on the on the Navasky a and
srl I got this rail decided to go with
this rail one like I told you it was
like - I what they're introducing the
new keymod system as you can see this
has no picatinny rails on the side or
bottom that's the new thing now
supposedly just for light purposes you
can add picatinny rails on this if you
want to add a 45 degree angle or 90
however you want it this does fit the
nowitzki handguard panel so if you want
to go ahead and buy it from the vesica
calm it does fit I have done my research
um as you can see on here I did a little
paracord mod just for grip purposes
meaning a lot of looks - looks nice I
saw it on Instagram on some guy and
decided why not try to do it so I did um
oh let me not forget PWS flash hider the
outer barrel on this is 11.5 Danu the
fence has the treats it's inside thanks
to the streets thank you bro um other
than that that's pretty much the
external bill oh sorry
man cool rad sling adapter the cowbell
as I call it cuz I hate this thing
that's just it was there when I got it
so I'm not gonna go ahead and change it
buffer to forgot to mention the buffer
tube is a PWS mad bull buffer - this
does fit the lipo it goes all the way
through all the way to the end pretty
nice feature it is wired to Dean's okay
so for internals I'll go on internals I
run 11.1 lipo on this it has a kwa high
torque motor GMP hop-up with six point
one angel customs tiger barrel when I
first got it I don't have an
in the gearbox it seems to be shooting
fine when I first got it they told me
they never did they never opened it up
it's pretty much a still brand new gun
still has this blowback feature kind of
like a blowback - I took it off my top
tech to get a little more FPS on my top
tech but I decided to leave it on this
one just for just to not mess with it
because it's shooting so well um
anything else for internals I don't
think that's that's pretty much it it's
like I said FPS was around 385 or 25 so
you're looking at almost like 410 400
FPS with 0.20 x' but I don't really run
pool to us cuz I like the accuracy on
the two fives so that's basically my end
no mess quiénes our build guys Oh any
point t1 replicas can't forget that you
know I guys I love in my sights if you
guys get a chance to pick up this rail
or take a look at it you guys are gonna
see what I mean when I'm telling you
that it's light it is super light this
overall gun feel there when I show it to
people that I oh my god it's gonna so
light and I'm like yeah that's what I
was going for I wanted something that
was light sleek like this this gun is
super super sleek it's not a spoke as my
MK 18 would be and I just like it that
way right now I just run this simple for
my t1 flashlight on top works behind you
guys for a little bit works pretty well
it goes right over my my green dot so I
don't have to worry about it being in
the way just fits perfect right on there
um anything else I can say about the gun
nothing I will have I'll try to get a
chrono test and a little accuracy test
for you guys but I'm still working on
the gearbox when it's fully done I have
an update on it that's just basically my
gene gns are 11 inch build hope you guys
enjoyed it I'll have more on the gun if
you have any questions ask go ahead and
comment thank you for watching
you